---
slug: MjI1NDQ4OTY5
created_at: "2026-03-11 21:01:00"
updated_at: "2026-03-11 22:07:19"
tags: []
source: "web"
---

根据猴子和基座理论，我们的作业在思考要不要去参加一个展览，有几个点，我们觉得自己的模型很单薄和其他组比起来，2.我们要重新排版做一个booklet，3.以及打印需要花费一些钱，4.大家好像都参加，自己不参加好像不好？或者这个不完整。5.借一个Screen

Dear all,

Some important information regarding the forthcoming Envisioning Futures Exhibition.

- Each of you may invite one guest to attend the Private View of the exhibition using the email invitation provided at the end of this message. When inviting a guest, we strongly recommend selecting a subject expert, industry professional, or someone with whom you would like to collaborate on your current or future work.

Note: Special thanks to Seungju Lee for the invaluable contribution in designing the exhibition poster and other printed materials at very short notice. Your support has been extremely helpful.

- As previously communicated, this is a reminder of the key tasks that need to be completed before the exhibition.

You need to be there on 17 March between 10:00 and 11:30 to collect your plinths from the plinth store (located nearer to the Hanger Gallery Space, Studio Building, Battersea Campus). We will be there to show you the way. Please note that you will not be able to collect plinths after 12:00. The details of the plinth we are expecting to use are attached to this email.
Each group needs to complete this very short Google Form for your exhibition label: : Envisioning Futures Exhibition Labels. Please do this by Friday, 13 March. We will print the labels for you.

If you need a screen/speaker, please book and collect them from the Resources Office. Note that the screen needs to have a stand to keep it on a table/plinth top. You will not be able to mount any screen on a wall.
If you are planning to run a video or any other material on the screen, please make sure to get the required equipment from the resource store (i.e. media player/media box to run a video, etc). Please also bring extension cords from the studio if you are using a screen.
There will be no posters in the exhibition, so please print any research materials you would like to display in A3, A4, or booklet format and place them on your plinth. Alternatively, you may create a video and arrange a screen to display it. The venue does not have walls for hanging posters.

You need to finalise your exhibition space by 15:00 on the 17th. This is not negotiable, and we will not allow any group to work after this deadline. The private viewing will take place on 17 March at 17:30.
We have invited external guests from industry, government, and other institutions, so please be prepared to present your work. At least one person from each group will need to monitor the exhibition on 17th and 18th March (AM Session).

You will need to collect and clear your exhibition materials on 18 March between 14:30 and 16:00.
